# ex01: Span
Files to turn in:Makefile, main.cpp, Span.{h, hpp}, Span.cpp
Forbidden functions:None

Develop a Span class that can store a maximum ofNintegers. Nis an unsigned int
variable and will be the only parameter passed to the constructor.

This class will have a member function calledaddNumber()to add a single number
to the Span. It will be used in order to fill it. Any attempt to add a new element if there
are alreadyNelements stored should throw an exception.

Next, implement two member functions:shortestSpan()andlongestSpan()

They will respectively find out the shortest span or the longest span (or distance, if
you prefer) between all the numbers stored, and return it. If there are no numbers stored,
or only one, no span can be found. Thus, throw an exception.

Of course, you will write your own tests, and they will be far more thorough than the
ones below. Test yourSpanwith at least 10,000 numbers. More would be even better.

Running this code:

int main()
{
Span sp = Span(5);
sp.addNumber(6);
sp.addNumber(3);
sp.addNumber(17);
sp.addNumber(9);
sp.addNumber(11);
std::cout << sp.shortestSpan() << std::endl;
std::cout << sp.longestSpan() << std::endl;
return 0;
}

Should output:

$> ./ex
2
14
$>

Last but not least, it would be wonderful to fill yourSpanusing a range of iterators.
Making thousands of calls toaddNumber()is so annoying. Implement a member function
to add multiple numbers to yourSpanin a single call.

If you don’t have a clue, study the Containers. Some member
functions take a range of iterators in order to add a sequence of
elements to the container.
