# ex02: Mutated abomination
Files to turn in:Makefile, main.cpp, MutantStack.{h, hpp}
and optional file: MutantStack.tpp
Forbidden functions:None

Now, it’s time to move on to more serious things. Let’s develop something weird.

Thestd::stackcontainer is very nice. Unfortunately, it is one of the only STL Con-
tainers that is NOT iterable. That’s too bad.

But why would we accept this? Especially if we can take the liberty of butchering the
original stack to create missing features.

To repair this injustice, you have to make thestd::stackcontainer iterable.

Write a MutantStack class. It will be implemented in terms of astd::stack.
It will offer all its member functions, plus an additional feature: iterators.

Of course, you will write and turn in your own tests to ensure everything works as
expected.

Find a test example below.

int main()
{
MutantStack< int > mstack;
mstack.push(5);
mstack.push(17);
std::cout << mstack.top() << std::endl;
mstack.pop();
std::cout << mstack.size() << std::endl;
mstack.push(3);
mstack.push(5);
mstack.push(737);
//[...]
mstack.push(0);
MutantStack< int >::iterator it = mstack.begin();
MutantStack< int >::iterator ite = mstack.end();
++it;
--it;
while (it != ite)
{
std::cout << *it << std::endl;
++it;
}
std::stack< int > s(mstack);
return 0;
}

If you run it a first time with your MutantStack, and a second time replacing the
MutantStack with, for example, astd::list, the two outputs should be the same. Of
course, when testing another container, update the code below with the corresponding
member functions (push()can becomepush_back()).